[user]
usernumber=1
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team1
userfullname=[UDESC] caféComLeite
usertype=team
userpassword=12345
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=2
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team2
userfullname=[UDESC] TÁ PEGANDO FOGO
usertype=team
userpassword=9746
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=3
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team3
userfullname=[Univille] FSociety
usertype=team
userpassword=123456
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=4
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team4
userfullname=[TNH] Tá No Balde
usertype=team
userpassword=53
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=5
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team5
userfullname=[UDESC] MeG
usertype=team
userpassword=33626151
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=6
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team6
userfullname=[UDESC] Osmar Contato Farofa
usertype=team
userpassword=211011419
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=7
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team7
userfullname=[UDESC] Balão Vermelho
usertype=team
userpassword=666
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=8
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team8
userfullname=[UDESC] POXX
usertype=team
userpassword=
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=9
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team9
userfullname=[UDESC] Pollos Hermanos
usertype=team
userpassword=
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=10
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team10
userfullname=[UDESC] Pollos Hermanos
usertype=team
userpassword=
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=11
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team11
userfullname=[UFG] Pombo Fumado
usertype=team
userpassword=
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=12
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team12
userfullname=[UFPR] BrunoTissei
usertype=team
userpassword=
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=13
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team13
userfullname=[UDESC] (x+2)⁴
usertype=team
userpassword=
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=14
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team14
userfullname=[UDESC] #teamLovelace
usertype=team
userpassword=
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=15
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team15
userfullname=[Udesc] Intruders
usertype=team
userpassword=
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=16
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team16
userfullname=[UFPR] Operação Lava Jato
usertype=team
userpassword=
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=17
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team17
userfullname=[UDESC] Dos Interior
usertype=team
userpassword=
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=18
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team18
userfullname=[Udesc] Mene Sueco
usertype=team
userpassword=
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=19
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team19
userfullname=[UNITAU] aajjbb
usertype=team
userpassword=
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=20
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team20
userfullname=[UDESC] ~p
usertype=team
userpassword=
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=21
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team21
userfullname=[UDESC] Comando Anfíbio
usertype=team
userpassword=
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=22
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team22
userfullname=[Udesc] Priviet
usertype=team
userpassword=
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=23
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team23
userfullname=[UDESC] PLANK
usertype=team
userpassword=
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=24
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team24
userfullname=[UDESC] Bug0 ¿?
usertype=team
userpassword=
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=25
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team25
userfullname=[Delay] Retardatario1
usertype=team
userpassword=12345
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=26
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team26
userfullname=[Delay] Retardatario2
usertype=team
userpassword=12345
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=27
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team27
userfullname=[Delay] Retardatario3
usertype=team
userpassword=12345
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=28
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team28
userfullname=[Delay] Retardatario4
usertype=team
userpassword=12345
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=29
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team29
userfullname=[Delay] Retardatario5
usertype=team
userpassword=12345
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=30
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team30
userfullname=[Delay] Retardatario6
usertype=team
userpassword=12345
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=31
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team31
userfullname=[Delay] Retardatario7
usertype=team
userpassword=12345
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=32
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team32
userfullname=[Delay] Retardatario8
usertype=team
userpassword=12345
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=33
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team33
userfullname=[Delay] Retardatario9
usertype=team
userpassword=12345
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=34
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=2
username=team34
userfullname=[Delay] Retardatario10
usertype=team
userpassword=12345
usermultilogin=t
userenabled=t

usernumber=3000
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=1
username=staff1
userfullname=Staff UDESC
usertype=staff
userpassword=staff
userenabled=t

usernumber=3001
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=1
username=juiz{1..3}
userfullname=Juiz {1..3}
usertype=judge
userpassword=123juiz
userenabled=t

usernumber=3002
usersitenumber=1
usericpcid=1
username=score
userfullname=score
usertype=score
userpassword=score
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t

